Don't Cry For Me: Plot

**change rare disease to amputation

Setting: Futuristic world, Lo-Fi, Large planet that is heavily polluted and overpopulated. Space travel is common, and there are hundreds of planets already populated with other people.

A young boy named Jon is left by his family because of a rare disease that leaves his face malformed. Jon was too young to remember his family leaving him, so he never knew he was abandoned. This fuels his belief that he is actually an alien, explaining his strange appearance, and that his family is somewhere among the stars. He spends most of his childhood living on the streets all alone. No one will speak to him because of his looks. He has no education, but sometimes he looks up and imagines what's up amongst the stars. Often, he watches the spaceships rocket off from the planet. Around the age of 9, a woman drops her keys to her personal spaceship, and Jon grabs them and abandons the planet he was never meant to be a part of. This begins his journey.

Lost in space, he explores the ship to find there is a device which can create many things, such as food out of thin air. He pockets this and begins to explore the vast universe in an attempt to find his family and where he truly belongs.

Jon explores the universe for several years, and although still believing that his family is somewhere out there other than the planet he was born, he finds a woman with the same deformation as himself, and they fall in love, Jon believing they are from the same planet. The woman, named Anna, knows she was abandoned by her family and he most likely was as well, but never has the heart to tell Jon.

As Jon explores the universe in search of his family, he ends up helping out several people with serious problems on their planets. Because of this, he cultivates a strong reputation as a loving individual despite his appearances. This does not satisfy Jon, and he still seems obsessed with his search for something that does not exist.

Jon continues to explore the universe with his spaceship, occasionally returning to his home on a tiny planet with Anna. One day Anna tells him not to leave again, but Jon insists he must find his family. This pushes Anna to tell him the probable reality of his family. Jon leaves the planet. Anna cries.

Jon, is carried through a wormhole to a planet he does not recognize. After landing his ship on a cliff, He is found looking out over the massive megalopolis that lies in the distance. The scene slowly fades into the night, until the screen goes completely black. When the sun rises, there are two footprints leading up to the edge of the cliff, and Jon is no longer in the scene.


Game Mechanics:

The world is littered with miniature planets, some barely larger than Jon's ship. Each planet has a distinct biome that characterizes the plants and animals, as well as its inhabitants. Jon can explore any planet, and there are rather weak enemies for him to defeat with weapons crafted or found on the planets.

Boss Battles:

There will be a series of boss/biome battles Jon will have to fight through to help others he has encountered on his journey. Each boss/biome battle will result in Jon gaining a new power/skill which will be needed to uncover the next boss/biome battle (i.e. rocket boosters that will allow him to travel to further planets). One of the boss battles will involve him saving Anna.

Crafting/Items:

Crafting will be extremely elementary. Simple objects can be found on planets, in chests or hidden in bushes, etc. Some will be single use, such as keys or ammo. Others will have their own utility, to minimize waste, but some objects will have the ability to combine together to create a new/better utility. (i.e. mini blaster + laser gun = laser blaster)